Doc: Update the developer guide for the v3 (#3376)
deepmodeling/deepmd-kit: doc/development/create-a-model.md

    def __init__(self, arg1: bool, arg2: float) -> None:
        pass
```
:::

:::{tab-item} PyTorch {{ pytorch_icon }}

> The PyTorch backend follows a meticulously structured inheritance pattern. When creating a new descriptor, it is essential to inherit from both the {py:class}`deepmd.pt.model.descriptor.base_descriptor.BaseDescriptor` class and the {py:class}`torch.nn.Module` class. Abstract methods, including {py:class}`deepmd.pt.model.descriptor.base_descriptor.BaseDescriptor.fwd`, must be implemented, while others remain optional. It is crucial to adhere to the original method arguments without any modifications. Once the implementation is complete, the next step involves registering the component with a designated key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PyTorch backend follows a meticulously structured inheritance pattern. When creating a new descriptor, it is essential to inherit from both the {py:class}`deepmd.pt.model.descriptor.base_descriptor.BaseDescriptor` class and the {py:class}`torch.nn.Module` class. Abstract methods, including {py:class}`deepmd.pt.model.descriptor.base_descriptor.BaseDescriptor.forward`, must be implemented, while others remain optional. It is crucial to adhere to the original method arguments without any modifications. Once the implementation is complete, the next step involves registering the component with a designated key:
```

Reviewer: please check https://github.com/deepmodeling/deepmd-kit/blob/a7d44d1c2283bcc4a096b1f0eb5eaf6241078ef1/deepmd/pt/model/descriptor/base_descriptor.py#L8 that rename the name of the forward method.

Reviewer: many abstract methods needs to be implemented. please check deepmd/dpmodel/descriptor/make_base_descriptor.py

```py
from deepmd.pt.model.task.fitting import (
    GeneralFitting,
)
from deepmd.dpmodel import (
    FittingOutputDef,
    fitting_check_output,
)

@GeneralFitting.register("some_fitting")
@fitting_check_output
class SomeFittingNet(GeneralFitting):
    def __init__(self, arg1: bool, arg2: float) -> None:
        pass

    def forward(
        self,
        descriptor: torch.Tensor,
        atype: torch.Tensor,
        gr: Optional[torch.Tensor] = None,
        g2: Optional[torch.Tensor] = None,
        h2: Optional[torch.Tensor] = None,
        fparam: Optional[torch.Tensor] = None,
        aparam: Optional[torch.Tensor] = None,
    ):
        pass

    def output_def(self) -> FittingOutputDef:
        pass
```

The model architecture within the PyTorch backend is structured with multiple layers of abstraction to provide a high degree of flexibility. Generally, the process begins with an atomic model responsible for handling atom-wise property calculations. This atomic model should inherit from the {py:class}`deepmd.pt.model.atomic_model.base_atomic_model.BaseAtomicModel` class and the {py:class}`torch.nn.Module` class.

> Subsequently, the `AtomicModel` is encapsulated using the `make_model(AtomicModel)` function, employing the `deepmd.pt.model.model.make_model.make_model` function. The purpose of the `make_model` wrapper is to facilitate the translation between the original system and the extended system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequently, the `AtomicModel` is encapsulated using the `make_model(AtomicModel)` function, employing the `deepmd.pt.model.model.make_model.make_model` function. The purpose of the `make_model` wrapper is to facilitate the translation between the atomic  property prediction and the extended property prediction and differentiation , e.g. the reduction of atomic energy contribution and the autodiff for calculating the forces and virial. The developers usually need to implement an `AtomicModel` not a `Model`.
```

> Finally, the entire model is wrapped within a `DPModel`, which must inherit from the {py:class}`deepmd.pt.model.model.model.BaseModel` class and include the aforementioned `make_model(AtomicModel)`. The user directly interacts with a wrapper built on top of the `DPModel` to seamlessly handle result translations.

Reviewer: Not necessary? The DPZBL model is not inherited from the `DPModel`.

Reviewer: the `DPModel` stands for the models that have the descriptor-fitting architecture.

Author: DPZBL has it's own `DPModel` called DPZBLModel_? maybe I should use a different keyword.

```py
from deepmd.pt.model.atomic_model.base_atomic_model import (
    BaseAtomicModel,
)
from deepmd.pt.model.model.make_model import (
    make_model,
)
from deepmd.pt.model.model.model import (
    BaseModel,
)

class SomeAtomicModel(BaseAtomicModel, torch.nn.Module):
    def __init__(self, arg1: bool, arg2: float) -> None:
        pass

    def forward_atomic(self):
        pass

@BaseModel.register("some_model")
class SomeDPModel(make_model(SomeAtomicModel), BaseModel):
    pass

> class SomeModel(SomeDPModel):

Reviewer: The out-most model is only for key translation of the returned dict.
